Add ml model (#2)
WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model: README.md

## Data

Instructions for data download/processing can be found at: https://github.com/WayScience/mitocheck_data.

> This repository compiles training data from a specific version of [MitoCheck_data](https://github.com/WayScience/mitocheck_data). For more information see [0.download_data/README.md](0.download_data/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository compiles training data from a specific version of [MitoCheck_data](https://github.com/WayScience/mitocheck_data).
For more information see [0.download_data/README.md](0.download_data/README.md).
```

One sentence per line

## Analysis

> We train, evaluate, and interpret a model on [DeepProfiler](https://github.com/cytomining/DeepProfiler) features in [DP_trained_model.ipynb](2.ML_model/DP_trained_model.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We train, evaluate, and interpret a model to predict phenotypic class from nuclear staining data using [DeepProfiler](https://github.com/cytomining/DeepProfiler) features in [DP_trained_model.ipynb](2.ML_model/DP_trained_model.ipynb).
```
